campaign name: The Accursed
campaign byline: Making legends...
created by: -Al
created on: 2007-02-11 22:43:47.438
campaign type: Fantasy Hero
------------------------
In this fantasy world, players will choose to be Accursed or Normal heroes who can if they wish later become Accursed at a Life Altar if they so choose, there are advantages to both being Accursed or Normal heroes.
------------------------
Life Altars are ancient magical stone altars that give and take powers.  Monster races cannot bind to Life Altars.  Heroes who bind to Life Altars are called Accursed, partly because of their inability to be healed by White magic, and partly because the true nature of the Life Altars is to take power from those who use them.  

An adult who chooses to bind to a Life Altar is irrevocably changed, becoming an Accursed and gaining knowledge of their True Name. 

All beings have a True Name, by sharing your True Name others can tap into you to cast spells.  The only known way to gain knowledge of ones True Name is to become an Accursed.  Tapping is how powerful sorcerers are able to withstand lengthy battles.  Using Tapping and becoming Accursed is how the races of man have managed to not be defeated by the monster races of the outer realms before the first Dwarven Gate in The Gap to Beyond was established to protect the Realm of Humanity.  

For the Accursed death is no longer the same, for if they are wounded to the point of death they will instantly be brought back to life at the Life Alter that they are bound.  However each such death costs them power and this power must be paid before an Accursed can leave the Life Altar`s vicinity.  The payment can be made in many forms, but the purest and lowest form is from themselves, though this can be the most painful.  If an Accursed does not pay the required power to the Life Altar within a day of being revived that hero will turn to dust and be forever destroyed.

Accursed can bind to a different Life Altar simply by touching another stone.  The cost of the Life Altar is set upon first touch and will not change between that Life Altar and each user, though the cost may vary between users.  There are many an undiscovered Life Altars throughout the land, which the heroes will find and perhaps use.

Life Altars are always made of the same dark stone.  Some require more power then others.   All have one thing in common, to take power from those who use them; that is their ultimate curse, but still heroes bind to them, drawn to use their power and deceptive protection.

